
Senior Software Engineer, Threat Intelligence (Google, middle)

Minimum qualifications:

    Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
    5 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages.
    3 years of experience with full stack development, across back-end such as Java, Python, Golang, or C++ codebases, and front-end experience including JavaScript or TypeScript, HTML, CSS or equivalent.
    3 years of experience testing, maintaining, or launching software products.
    1 year of experience with software design and architecture.


Preferred qualifications:

    Experience developing accessible technologies.

Responsibilities

    Design, develop, and implement new features and enhancements for our platform, ensuring scalable, and secure solutions.
    Contribute to the design and implementation of systems to process, analyze, and store massive amounts of threat intelligence data.
    Work closely with security experts to understand their needs and translate them into actionable features.
    Identify opportunities to optimize performance, scalability, and user experience.
    Stay abreast of the latest threats and technologies to ensure our platform remains effective.

About the job

    Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google Cloud accelerates every organization’s ability to digitally transform its business and industry. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology, and tools that help developers build more sustainably. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.
    
    Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.


//

